--- GENERAL LIST OF FACTIONS ---

This list encompasses general information about the various factions of Beestation's Lore.
If a faction is added to the lore, make sure to add them to the list.

--- NANOTRASEN ---

A group of some sort with interest in researching advanced technologies.
Their current focus is on a strange material known as Plasma.
To this end, they have dedicated resources to research of Plasma, including at least one space station.
There are many who seek to exploit them for various reasons.


--- THE SYNDICATE ---

Intel on the organization that refers to themselveas as 'The Syndicate' is sparse and often conflicting.
Some intelligence claims that they are a privatized union, others claim that they are a separate, rival megacorporation.

The only confirmed intel is this; they have sleeper agents that have infiltrated Nanotrasen in nearly every department,
awaiting their orders. Such commands may be something as simple as stealing documents or objects, while other objectives may include assassintation of personnel.
They also have dedicated Nuclear Operatives, heavily armed and with a single-minded dedication to obtaining one of Nanotrasen's nuclear authentication disks
in order to detonate a nuclear bomb aboard the station, and they are willing to ruthlessly and brutally cleave a path through anyone and anything that gets in their way.

One thing is clear; they are the sworn enemies of Nanotrasen, and they are dedicating every resource at their disposal toward its destruction.


--- CHANGELINGS ---

Changelings are an alien race known for their incredible stealth and lethality.
Utilizing their ability to copy genetic information and become a spitting image of whomever they have copied, they are often used as infiltrators
by the Syndicate; but other factions may make use of them as well, and some changelings may oppose Nanotrasen for reasons of their own.

Their unique anatomy and their incredible regenerative abilities makes them a force to be reckoned with; the mere mention
of Changelings or 'lings' is enough to sow panic and mistrust among the crew.


--- THE WIZARD FEDERATION ---

The mysterious force referred to as 'magic' has perplexed many scientists since its discovery.
Details about this strange and seemingly logic defying power are scarce.
Those who are most knowledgable in regards to magic and it's usage belong to the Wizard Federation.

--- THE BLOOD CULT OF NAR'SIE ---

A group of fanatical cultists who seek to bring their deity, an eldritch entity known as Nar'Sie,
through the veil and into our universe by means of bloody rituals and forcible conversion.

They are constantly at odds with an opposing cult known as the Clockwork Cult of Ratvar.

--- THE CLOCKWORK CULT OF RATVAR ---

A group of fanatical cultists who seek to bring their deity, an eldritch entity known as Ratvar,
through the veil and into our universe by means of mechanical interference and forcible conversion.

They are constantly at odds with an opposing cult known as the Blood Cult of Nar'Sie.

--- THE ABDUCTORS ---

The Abductors are a telepathic alien race interested in experimentation.
Unfortunately, their lack of knowledge of common galactic customs means they have no concept of 'consent'
and often abduct unwilling crewmembers to experiment on.

